it returns to the place where it last
left its chick in the hope that it might
still be close by but chicks tend wonder
so the adult has to call
the chick responds and they slowly homed
in on one another the plaintiff
entreaties of the chip stimulates the
adult to regurgitate a mouthful of fish
with the return of one parent the other
is free to go to sea to feed for itself
aware of the leopard seals presence the
Penguins pressed together at the ice
edge unwilling to be the first to risk
diving in
occasionally the seal comes out onto the
ice and attempts to grab one
but it's most successful strategy by far
is to lie in wait
it hides behind a corner of ice
the antlers gain confidence and make a
dash for it
the first wave of penguins escape
once in open water there will be safe
the seal is alerted by the noise and
through the massive bubbles it makes its
attack
almost invariably it makes a kill
encouraged by the absence of the seal
the remaining penguins make a break for
the open sea
their cheeks will fledge and when the
Antarctic autumn is nearly 10 these
adults will walk across the newly formed
ice to endure yet another winter on the
frozen sea